Zhaohua,
I took you in
after your parents
died.
But you always do as you please,
disobeying me.
Don't blame me for being ruthless
if I abandon you again.
No one likes a disobedient child.
Whether you survive or not
depends on your luck.
What did this girl do
did she commit?
Why is she tied up there?
Today is the Moonlight Festival.
It's to eliminate the evil.
Is she possessed by some evil spirit?
Evil spirit?
Twelve years ago,
Liang Dian, the leader of the Xiliang Army,
greedily advanced,
using a dark enchantment
to transform women into monsters,
known as Jade Waist Servants.
This is Liang Dian's daughter,
also a Jade Waist Servant.
Monster?
How can a normal girl
be a monster?
Isn't she the envoy of the Flower Goddess?
Jade Waist Servant
is bloodthirsty and cruel.
What makes you think that?
There's blood in this bowl.
If she drinks it, she'll transform.
Whether she's a Jade Waist Servant
will be revealed soon.
You want to see me turn into a monster, right?
Fine.
When the time comes,
I'll tear you apart first.
Pour it in.
Add more blood, keep pouring.
How are you feeling?
I'm fine.
I'm doing great.
Your Highness is so protective of this monster.
Could it be that
you two have been intimate?
Her name is Liang Jiangzhu,
with Jiang meaning crimson,
and Zhu meaning vermilion.
She's not a monster,
but my wife.
She's the one who truly
brought color to my life.
Prince Yan is right.
She's the friend who has made me
experience genuine human affection.
Zhao Hua, you...
You...
Uncle,
do you think I'm still the little girl
you abandoned and left crying?
It's a quartz flower. I've been here.
It's a quartz flower.
I've been here.
They must grow along the river.
Then the Sishui River is not far away.
There are traces of a carriage here.
I found the way.
Zhao Hua.
Yuheng.
Zhaohua.
Jiang Zhu.
You told me
not to be afraid when I was lost,
to go towards the light,
and to believe in myself,
then I could get out.
When did I say that?
I'm quite impressive.
Your Majesty.
I didn't expect
to plot against His Majesty.
If he finds out,
it won't end well.
Liao Que,
you harm your colleagues,
disregarding family ties.
Do you think everyone
is like you?
Come here.
My dear nephew.
Your Majesty, you...
Uncle, don't worry.
has just begun.
Your Highness, Prince.
Thank you for letting me see
that petition.
Now that I know the truth,
next,
leave this
to me.
Auntie.
If you're willing to keep trusting me,
this time,
I need you to come back to the capital with me.
You came to us in person.
Why wouldn't I trust you?
You're just putting on an act.
Come.
Go back and report.
Twelve years ago,
General Liang and those women
voluntarily planted the poison
to become the Jade Waist Servants.
But they were slaughtered
by Liao Que
and were falsely accused as monsters.
Liao Que,
this is the petition
you and General Liang wrote together.
Why use the poison?
What was the purpose?
The words are clear.
This is the evidence.
A petition
only proves
that General Liang and I
made a joint decision.
Once these women were infected,
they were no longer ordinary people.
If they were not ordinary, they were monsters.
Monsters are disasters.
What evidence
is a petition?
You want to bring me down?
Naive.
The other eleven have been rescued.
I'll meet you at the dungeon entrance.
Thank you.
According to this map,
we can enter the inner court directly.
If you want revenge,
I won't stop you.
Young man,
we willingly followed General Liang
and became Jade Waist Servants
to become warriors and protect our country.
As warriors,
what we wanted in the past was not honor,
and now it's even less revenge,
but innocence.
I am the daughter of Liang Dian.
My name is Liang Jiangzhu.
When my mother asked me
to deliver this token,
I was kidnapped by you halfway.
I am the witness.
Ridiculous.
She said herself
that she is Liang Dian's daughter.
How can she be a witness?
You...
She's not a witness,
but I was there.
Am I a witness?
Everything I did
was for the safety of the people.
What's wrong with that?
Not to mention back then,
even today,
I would still wipe out the Jade Waist Servants.
My name is Yun Shuang.
Twelve years ago,
I was a musician at the Gilded Workshop.
I am a Jade Waist Servant.
My name is Li Xue.
I used to be a dancer at the Sound Pavilion.
I'm also a Jade Waist Servant.
My name is Lianhua.
I used to be a commoner
just like everyone else.
I'm also a Jade Waist Servant.
My name is Shiyi, a maid of the Liu Mansion.
My name is Zhao.
I'm also a Jade Waist Servant.
Twelve years ago,
we followed General Liang to defend the city.
We never regretted it.
Now,
we stand tall and proud.
We won't hide anymore.
It seems that the Prince
and the Crown Prince have been bewitched by these monsters.
They disregard the law.
Then I
can only die in the line of duty.
Guards!
Shoot these Jade Waist Servants!
Who dares?
I can testify!
My name is Wang Tiesheng.
Twelve years ago,
I fought alongside the Jade Waist Servants.
Miss Chestnut Snow once saved my life.
I can prove
that they are innocent.
General Liang was framed!
My name is Zhang Chengyang.
I can also testify.
It was Liao Que
who threatened my family's life
to keep the truth hidden.
My name is Li Erniu.
I can also testify to this.
My name is Cui Xu, and I can prove it too.
Guards!
Seize this treacherous minister,
who harmed the loyal
and deceived the Emperor
for his own selfish desires!
Kill him! Kill him! Kill him!
Liao Que, do you still refuse to surrender?
I am the Grand Preceptor of this court!
Without His Majesty's order,
who dares to touch me?
Liao Que,
my nephew's leg
was injured because of you.
You're already guilty of death.
Take him away!